---
title: "Generative AI Creates KARA"
description: ""
pubDate: "2023-02-14"
tags: ["All", "Learning", "Technlogy"]
draft: false
---

2022 was the year of Generative AI. Dall-E generated artwork based on a text prompt. Others, like MidJourney, soon followed. Chat-GPT started generating essays on demand based on text prompts, and the tech giants, Microsoft and Google, started a new search war to create a new chat-based search tool. This is a search where the chatbot can talk to you about almost any topic instead of just showing you a series of links that you need to read yourself. In Microsoft's demo, they reference the sources alongside the conversational answer. 

​In 2023, Microsoft has announced integrations with several of their products, including Teams, Outlook, MS Office, and of course, Bing. This is a chance for Microsoft to gain share in the lucrative search market.

Other types of generative AI have also started to gain increased adoption. You can create music, videos, and more, all by typing in a prompt.

​I decided to try creating an AI generated video this way. I used Midjourney to create an avatar of Kara from The Quantum Contingent and then had the AI from D-id.com turn the image from Midjourney into a talking head. Here's a brief clip of the video.

Of course, instead of reading something you or I write, she could just as easily read something generated by Chat-GPT... completing the trifecta of generative AI. You can also use AI generated background music instead of the built in clip I used from iMovie.

If you haven't read The Quantum Contingent yet, I encourage you to check it out! I'm hard at work on the sequel, Quantum Time. I'm 45,000 words in, and look forward to sharing it with you when it is done!

Drop your comments and questions below!

​Greg
